feat: add run-once (#81)
zigcc/zig-cookbook: book-src/07-04-run-once.md

## Run Once

> `std.once` is for running a function just once no matter how many times it's called and how many threads call it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`std.once` ensures a function executes exactly one time, regardless of how many threads attempt to call it or how many times it's invoked. This thread-safe initialization is particularly useful for singleton patterns and one-time setup operations.
```
